Add RDE metadata (#1018)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/r/rde.html.markdown

* `domain` - (Optional) Only meaningful for providers. Allows them to share entries with their tenants. Currently, accepted values are: `TENANT`, `PROVIDER`. Defaults to `TENANT`.
* `readonly` - (Optional) `true` if the metadata entry is read only. Defaults to `false`.
* `persistent` - (Optional) `true` if the metadata is persistent. Persistent entries can be copied over on some entity operation
  (e.g. Creating a copy of a VDC, capturing a vApp to a template, instantiating a catalog item as a VM...). Defaults to `false`.
* `id` - (Computed) Read-only identifier for this metadata entry.

Example:

```hcl
resource "vcd_rde" "my-rde" {
  org         = "my-org"
  rde_type_id = data.vcd_rde_type.my-type.id
  name        = "My custom RDE"
  resolve     = true
  entity_url  = "https://just.an-example.com/entities/custom-rde.json"
  metadata_entry {
    key      = "foo"
    type     = "StringEntry"
    value    = "bar"
    domain   = "TENANT"
    readonly = true
  }
  metadata_entry {
    key       = "bar"
    type      = "NumberEntry"
    value     = "42"
    domain    = "TENANT"

>     permanent = true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    persistent = true
```

In this last scenario, it is advisable to mark `resolve_on_removal=true` so Terraform can delete the RDE even if it was not
resolved by anyone.

<a id="metadata"></a>
## Metadata

> -> Due to Terraform limitations, `terraform plan` shows that all metadata entries will be deleted and re-created when performing
> a change in of one or more of them, but applying it will respect every non-changed metadata entry by not performing any modification on
> these.

Reviewer 2: I'm trying to simplify and clarify the statement:

```suggestion
-> Due to Terraform limitations, when performing a change in any of the metadata entries, a `terraform plan` shows that all of them will be deleted and re-created. However, the succeeding `terraform apply` will respect the non-changed metadata entries by not modifying them.
```

Author: Yeah, sounds way better. Changed, thanks!

~> The provider configuration block `ignore_metadata_changes` is not compatible with metadata entries of `vcd_rde`.

The `metadata_entry` is a set of metadata entries that have the following structure:

* `key` - (Required) Key of this metadata entry.
* `value` - (Required) Value of this metadata entry.
* `type` - (Optional) Type of this metadata entry. One of: `StringEntry`, `NumberEntry`, `BoolEntry`. Defaults to `StringEntry`.
* `namespace` - (Optional) Namespace of the metadata entry. Allows having multiple entries with same key in different namespaces.
* `domain` - (Optional) Only meaningful for providers. Allows them to share entries with their tenants. Currently, accepted values are: `TENANT`, `PROVIDER`. Defaults to `TENANT`.
* `readonly` - (Optional) `true` if the metadata entry is read only. Defaults to `false`.
* `persistent` - (Optional) `true` if the metadata is persistent. Persistent entries can be copied over on some entity operation

>   (e.g. Creating a copy of a VDC, capturing a vApp to a template, instantiating a catalog item as a VM...). Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 3: This example, given that we are in the RDE documentation, is potentially confusing. Is there an example related to RDE that we can give?

Author: I need to check, as far as I know RDEs can't be re-used/inherited elsewhere.

Reviewer 3: I see two possibilities:

1. We move this section to a location (such as a file in the `guides`) where the definition can apply to several resources. (BRW, if the API mention VMs, it is possible that we could start dealing with VM metadata using OpenAPI, but it is not the moment to try it).
2. We put a generic description, saying "not applicable to RDE as of v3.11".

* `id` - (Computed) Read-only identifier for this metadata entry.

The only attribute that supports updates for a given metadata entry is `value`. If you need to modify another attribute, such as `readonly` or
`domain`, please delete and re-create the metadata entry.

Example:

```hcl
resource "vcd_rde" "my-rde" {
  org         = "my-org"
  rde_type_id = data.vcd_rde_type.my-type.id
  name        = "My custom RDE"
  resolve     = true
  entity_url  = "https://just.an-example.com/entities/custom-rde.json"
  metadata_entry {
    key      = "foo"
    type     = "StringEntry"
    value    = "bar"

>     domain   = "TENANT"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    domain   = "PROVIDER"  # will be only visible to the provider 
```

Author: Good idea, changed

    readonly = true
  }
  metadata_entry {
    key        = "bar"
    type       = "NumberEntry"
    value      = "42"

>     domain     = "TENANT"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    domain     = "TENANT"  # will be also visible to an organization user
```

Author: Good idea, changed
